docs: modified `01_concept.md` to describe two auction types (#82)
tendermint/fundraising: x/fundraising/spec/01_concepts.md

## Fundraising Module

The `x/fundraising` Cosmos SDK module is a module to raise funds as an auction of tokens. This fundraising module provides an opportunity for a new project to onboard the ecosystem. It does not only allow the project to raise funds, but also increase its brand awareness before launching the project.

## Auction Types

This fundraising module provides two different types of auctions: 1) Fixed Price Auction and 2) Batch Auction.

## Fixed Price Auction

This fixed price auction is to sell a given amount of tokens on a first-come, first-served basis.

### What an auctioneer does:
When an auctioneer creates a fixed price auction, it must determine the following parameters.

> - **Selling Token**: the denom of tokens to be auctioned,
> - **Paying Token**: the denom of tokens to be used for payment,
> - **Price**: fixed amount of the paying tokens to get a selling token (i.e., amount of paying tokens per selling token),
> - **Auction Start Time**: when the auction starts,
> - **Auction End Time**: when the auction ends,
> - **Offering Quantity**: total amount of selling tokens to be auctioned.

Reviewer: I update names to be the exact names that are used in the codebase and add `Vesting Schedules`. You can reference what parameters that an auctioneer needs to input in [this /docs/How-To/cli/README.md](https://github.com/tendermint/fundraising/tree/main/docs/How-To/cli#createfixedpriceauction).
```suggestion
- **Price**: fixed amount of the paying tokens to get a selling token (i.e., amount of paying tokens per selling token),
- **Selling Coin**: the total amount of selling coin to be auctioned,
- **Paying Coin Denom**: the denom of coin to be used for payment,
- **Vesting Schedules**: the vesting schedules to receive the sold amounts,
- **Auction Start Time**: when the auction starts,
- **Auction End Time**: when the auction ends.
```

Author: Good suggestions. I made one more change to add "denom and" to Selling Coin.
```suggestion
- **Price**: fixed amount of the paying tokens to get a selling token (i.e., amount of paying tokens per selling token),
- **Selling Coin**: the denom and total amount of selling coin to be auctioned,
- **Paying Coin Denom**: the denom of coin to be used for payment,
- **Vesting Schedules**: the vesting schedules to receive the sold amounts,
- **Auction Start Time**: when the auction starts,
- **Auction End Time**: when the auction ends.
```

We are now using both "token" and "coin" here and there. What do you think we use one term between two? Which one is better you think?

Reviewer: We have internally discussed this before. We decided to use `coin` because both selling coin and paying coin are native assets that operate on its own blockchain.

Author: Thanks for the info. I will modify accordingly.

> ### What bidders can/cannot do:

Reviewer: Since we use a singular for an auctioneer above `### What an auctioneer does`, I think it is better to make it consistent. What do you think?
```suggestion
### What a bidder can/cannot do:
```

Author: It looks better. Thanks.

A bidder can place a new bid with a fixed amount of paying tokens. 
A bidder cannot modify or cancel the existing bid it previously placed.

### When the auction ends:

> The auction will end either when Auction End Time is arrived or when the entire Offering Quantity is sold out.

Reviewer: Suggestion 1
```suggestion
The auction will end either when the end time is arrived or when the entire selling coin is sold out.
```

Suggestion 2
```suggestion
The auction will end either when the `EndTime` is arrived or when the entire `SellingCoin` is sold out.
```

Author: I'm modifying based on Suggestion 2 since the variable names will be used in many places.

## Batch Auction

This batch auction allows each bidder to participate in the auction by placing limit orders with a bid price chosen freely at any time within the auction period. An order book is created to record the bids with various bid prices.

### What an auctioneer does:

When an auctioneer creates this batch auction, it must determine the following parameters.

- **Selling Token**: the denom of tokens to be auctioned,
- **Paying Token**: the denom of tokens to be used for payment,
- **Auction Start Time**: when the auction starts,
- **Auction End Time**: when the auction ends,

> - **Offering Quantity**: total amount of selling tokens to be auctioned.

Reviewer: Same comment as above. I suggest to use names to be the exact names that are used in codebase and an auctioneer needs to input `Vesting Schedules`.

> ### What bidders can/cannot do:

Reviewer: Same comment as above.
